Defendant Ye Ci
Do you admit
on the evening of September 17th
you drove the car with license plate
Jiang A0996, black
and hit the victim Jiang Lai
causing an accident and fleeing
Honey
Honey, wake up, please wake up!
What's wrong?
You
When I was driving
The girl, the girl
she rushed out again
Honey
Listen to me
This kind of thing
Must be confessed voluntarily
Only confession can reduce the punishment
No
You checked
There was no surveillance camera at the scene
There was no surveillance camera. Right.
Duan Xiao Jian
The truth will out
This can't be hidden!!
Then what can I do?
You're a famous host
Once I'm in there
I'm done for
Honey
Is this okay?
Take the blame for me
You'll find the best lawyer in Jiang City
try to reduce the punishment, okay?
You want me to
to take the blame for you?
Honey
I'll confess
At worst, spend a few more years in jail
You're different
You're a public figure
If you go in there
you'll be finished immediately
Honey,
I beg you, please?
Just this once, okay?
Honey
You swear
This life of mine
whenever
You’ll never betray
our marriage
and never abandon our child
Okay?
You will take care of the boy
raise him well
You will frequently
bring him to visit me
Defendant Ye Ci
Do you plead guilty?
Murderer
Give me back my daughter’s life
Honey
Turn yourself in
Try to get a lighter sentence
I confess